[Music]
the turkey crown is the breast meat on
the bone with the legs removed
it's a popular choice as it fits in a
smaller oven and will cook a little bit
quicker than a whole turkey ours is
fresh so we've taken it out of the
fridge for 1 hour ahead of cooking if
yours is frozen you will need to defrost
it first put a trivet in your roasting
tin or line the base with the chopped
onion then sit your turkey crown on top
skin side up rub it all over with 50
grams of butter or a drizzle of olive
oil
then season with salt and pepper
[Music]
it's ready to roast like this or for
extra flavor lay russia's of pancetta or
streaky bacon over the top of the turkey
poke small sprigs of rosemary between
the slices too if you like tie the crown
with butchers string to hold the shape
together heat your oven to 190 degrees
Celsius 170 fan or gas mark 5 for crowns
under 4 kilos it will need 270 minutes
plus an additional 20 minutes per kilo
if it's over 4 kilos it will need 90
minutes plus 20 minutes per kilo or
until the internal temperature reaches
65 degrees or over for example our
turkey crown weighs 3 kilos so we're
going to be roasting it for a hundred
and 30 minutes or 2 hours 10 minutes the
internal temperature of your turkey
should reach 65 degrees Celsius or over
when it's ready you must then leave it
in a warm place for 20 minutes as it
will continue cooking through the
temperature will then rise to 70 degrees
Celsius as it rests don't cover the
turkey crown if you want the skin to
stay crisp while its resting don't let
any part of your turkey go to waste
store leftover meat in an airtight
container when cold refrigerate for up
to three days
[Music]
you